## How to Install Green Leaf Joypad Driver Mgj2011 on Windows 10

  
# How to Install Green Leaf Joypad Driver Mgj2011 on Windows 10
 
If you have a Green Leaf joypad, also known as a gamepad or a controller, and you want to use it on your Windows 10 PC, you may need to install a driver for it. A driver is a software that allows your device to communicate with your computer. Without a driver, your joypad may not work properly or at all.
 
## Green Leaf Joypad Driver Mgj2011


[**Download Zip**](https://lomasmavi.blogspot.com/?c=2tKc7G)

 
In this article, we will show you how to download and install the Green Leaf joypad driver Mgj2011 on Windows 10. This driver is compatible with most models of Green Leaf joypads, such as Mgj-2010, Mgj-2012, Mgj-2013, and Mgj-2014. Follow these steps to get started:
 
1. Go to the official website of Green Leaf at [https://bitbucket.org/eriwphoga/odamorys/issues/29/green-leaf-joypad-driver-mgj2011](https://bitbucket.org/eriwphoga/odamorys/issues/29/green-leaf-joypad-driver-mgj2011). This is the only source where you can download the driver safely and for free.
2. Click on the green button that says "Download" and save the file to your computer. The file name should be something like "Green\_Leaf\_Joypad\_Driver\_Mgj2011.zip".
3. Extract the zip file to a folder of your choice. You can use any program that can open zip files, such as WinRAR or 7-Zip.
4. Open the folder where you extracted the zip file and double-click on the file named "Setup.exe". This will launch the installation wizard.
5. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation. You may need to restart your computer after the installation is finished.
6. Plug in your Green Leaf joypad to your PC using a USB cable. Windows 10 should automatically detect and configure your device.
7. Enjoy playing your favorite games with your Green Leaf joypad!

If you have any problems with the installation or the operation of your joypad, you can contact Green Leaf customer support at hello@hashtagbigsmile.com or call them at 01371 483 444.
  
## How to Use Green Leaf Joypad on Windows 10
 
Now that you have installed the Green Leaf joypad driver Mgj2011 on Windows 10, you can use your device to play various games on your PC. Here are some tips on how to use your joypad effectively:

- To adjust the sensitivity and calibration of your joypad, you can use the Green Leaf Joypad Configuration Tool that was installed along with the driver. You can find it in the Start menu under "Green Leaf".
- To test if your joypad is working properly, you can use the Windows 10 Game Controller Settings. To access it, go to Settings > Devices > Bluetooth & other devices > Devices and printers. Right-click on your joypad icon and select "Game controller settings". Then click on "Properties" and try pressing the buttons and moving the sticks on your joypad. You should see the corresponding changes on the screen.
- To play games with your joypad, you need to make sure that the game supports gamepad input. Some games may require you to enable or configure the gamepad settings in the game options. Some games may also allow you to customize the button mapping and layout of your joypad.
- If you want to play games that do not support gamepad input, you can use a third-party software that can emulate keyboard and mouse input with your joypad. Some examples of such software are antimicro, Enjoy2, JoyToKey, Xpadder, and Pinnacle Game Profiler. However, be aware that some games may detect these software as cheating and ban you from online play.

We hope this article has helped you to install and use your Green Leaf joypad on Windows 10. If you have any questions or feedback, please leave a comment below.
 0f148eb4a0
